Square Pickle Wren

medium

# Account auction price will keep decreasing even when bids can't be placed

## Summary
When liquidations/withdrawals are paused or chainlink oracle prices are stale bids for accounts can't be placed but the price to purchase collateral will keep decreasing.

## Vulnerability Detail
When an account gets liquidated it gets listed for auction. The auction is a "Dutch auction" where the price to buy the collateral of the account decreases with time. If the protocol is inaccessible the price at which the collateral will be sold will continue to decrease regardless, this can happen in two ways:
1. [LendingPoolGuardian::pause()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/guardians/LendingPoolGuardian.sol#L102) will pause all the functionalities of the lending pool even if an account is currently being auctioned. If liquidations or withdrawals are paused it will be impossible to call [Liquidator::bid()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/Liquidator.sol#L285) to bid for the account.
2. When calling [Liquidator::bid()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/Liquidator.sol#L302) collateral will be transferred via [AccountV1::auctionBid()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L555) and exposure removed from the creditor, for derived assets that account for exposure in dollars a downstream call to [ChainlinkOM::_getLatestAnswer()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/oracle-modules/ChainlinkOM.sol#L113) will be executed that can return false and make the whole call revert, meaning bidding is impossible for derived assets when oracle prices are stale.

Once the protocol gets unpaused and/or chainlink oracles prices are not stale anymore the price at which collateral can be bought will be lower than it should.

## Impact
The auction price of an account collateral will keep decreasing even when the protocol can't be used. This might cause a loss to the account owner and the protocol as well. The lower price to purchase collateral might not be enough to cover the debt.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When liquidations and withdrawals are paused keep the price of currently auctioned accounts stale. When an oracle price is stale pause liquidations.