Future Pine Iguana

medium

# 0xDazai - _stake() function can revert if used with USDT duo to approve not set to zero first

### _stake() function can revert if used with USDT duo to approve not set to zero first

### Medium

## Summary

StakedStargateAM.sol serves as an Asset Module for the Staked Stargate Finance pools. The `_stake()` function is designed to stake tokens in an external staking contract.

The process involves two steps:
1. The ERC20 token is approved to the `LP_STAKING_TIME` address.
2. The `LP_STAKING_TIME` address then deposits the tokens into the liquidity pool (LP) contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

It is important to note that the protocol is configured to operate with the USDT token. There is a potential problem related to the ERC20 `approve()` function. Specifically, the Tether (USDT) implementation of `approve()` requires the current allowance to be set to zero before it can be changed. This is a security measure to prevent front-running attacks during approval changes.

As a result of this requirement, any attempt by a user to execute the `_stake()` function for a second time without first resetting their allowance to zero will cause the transaction to revert.

## Impact

If _stake() function is called with USDT , next time its called again with USDT it will revert because allowance is not set to 0.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/arcadia-finance/accounts-v2/blob/9b24083cb832a41fce609a94c9146e03a77330b4/src/asset-modules/Stargate-Finance/StakedStargateAM.sol#L82-L87

```solidity
    function _stake(address asset, uint256 amount) internal override {
        ERC20(asset).approve(address(LP_STAKING_TIME), amount);


        // Stake asset
        LP_STAKING_TIME.deposit(assetToPid[asset], amount);
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It is recommended to set the allowance to zero before increasing the allowance and use safeApprove/safeIncreaseAllowance.