Nice Snowy Gerbil

medium

# Lack of Sequencer Uptime Oracle Update Mechanism

## Summary
The `Registry` contract specifies a sequencer uptime oracle (`sequencerUptimeOracle`) to monitor the network's health and restrict certain actions when the sequencer is considered down. While it includes a method to set this oracle initially, it does not provide a clear, direct way to update it post-deployment.

## Vulnerability Detail
Upon construction, the `Registry` contract is initialized with a `sequencerUptimeOracle`. This oracle is critical for determining the operational status of the sequencer, impacting the execution of sensitive functions. The contract includes a `setSequencerUptimeOracle` function to potentially update this oracle, but this function's logic seems to prevent updating to a new, functioning oracle if the current one is not reverting, thus not adequately addressing the need for updates due to oracle deprecation or migration.

```solidity
function setSequencerUptimeOracle(address sequencerUptimeOracle_) external onlyOwner {
    // Check that the current sequencer uptime oracle is reverting.
    (bool success,) = _isSequencerDown(address(0));
    if (success) revert RegistryErrors.OracleNotReverting();

    // Set the new sequencer uptime oracle.
    sequencerUptimeOracle = sequencerUptimeOracle_;

    // Check that the new sequencer uptime oracle is not reverting.
    (success,) = _isSequencerDown(address(0));
    if (!success) revert RegistryErrors.OracleReverting();
}
```

## Impact
Failure to update the sequencer uptime oracle when needed could lead to incorrect system behavior, either by falsely identifying the sequencer as operational or by failing to recognize its downtime. This limitation might affect the system's ability to respond to network issues promptly, potentially impacting the platform's security and operational integrity.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/Registry.sol#L184

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a more flexible method for updating the sequencer uptime oracle that does not rely on the current oracle's failure status. Ensure this process is secure, possibly incorporating governance actions or multi-signature approval to prevent unauthorized changes. This will allow the system administrators to respond more effectively to changes in network infrastructure or oracle performance issues, maintaining the system's reliability and trustworthiness.