Shiny Emerald Hornet

medium

# LendingPool.sol::donateToTranche() may be frontrun

## Summary

`LendingPool.sol::donateToTranche()` is vulnerable to frontrun, which may cause the attacker to get the majority of funds donated to the tranche.

## Vulnerability Detail

[LendingPool.sol#L350-L363](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L350-L363)
`LendingPool.sol::donateToTranche()` is a function that enables anyone to voluntarily send funds to the tranche and increase `realisedLiquidityOf[tranche]`. 

Though users are not expected to just donate funds, this function is made for manual settling of liquidation auctions, in cases when the auction was not bought before `cutoffTime`.  [Liquidator.sol#L456-L461](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/Liquidator.sol#L456-L461)

In that case the remaining collateral of the account being liquidated is transferred to some admin address, sold manually by the admin and then the funds are expected to be added back to the tranche via `LendingPool.sol::donateToTranche()`.

`donateToTranche` takes two arguments: `trancheIndex` and `assets`. Attacker can frontrun the call to this function by depositing large amount of funds to the tranche (using `Tranche.sol::deposit()` or  `Tranche.sol::mint()`) and then backrun the call with redeeming their shares from the tranche (using `Tranche.sol::redeem()`).

As `donateToTranche` increases the `realisedLiquidityOf[tranche]`, and the amount of assets sent to the user when redeeming their shares is calculated using this value, attacker gets instant profit from sandwiching the call to `LendingPool.sol::donateToTranche()`. Specific amounts or percentages gained by the attacker depend on the current state of the tranche: the less funds it currently holds, the less capital it is required for the attack. 

Risk for the malicious user is very low: after depositing they can lose funds only in case of price volatility of underlying asset or another liquidation with bad debt occuring. Chance of the latter in short period of time is low and price volatility is zero for stablecoins or can be hedged otherwise.

## Impact

As it was specified earlier, main purpose of `donateToTranche` is to manually settle the liquidation auctions. In this case, from the [`LendingPool.sol::settleLiquidationUnhappyFlow()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L997-L1005) we can see, that `_processDefault()` is called, which subtracts the bad debt from the junior tranche. So, the funds sent via `donateToTranche` is a part of the funds taken from the junior tranche as a part of settling. 

If attacker can take most of these funds by sandwiching the call, the main victim are the users who provided liquidity to the junior tranche, as these are basically their assets that got stolen.

So, the impact is users' loss of funds.

## Code Snippet
[`LendingPool.sol::donateToTranche()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L350-L363)

```solidity
function donateToTranche(uint256 trancheIndex, uint256 assets) external whenDepositNotPaused processInterests {
    if (assets == 0) revert LendingPoolErrors.ZeroAmount();

    address tranche = tranches[trancheIndex];

    // Need to transfer before donating or ERC777s could reenter.
    // Address(this) is trusted -> no risk on re-entrancy attack after transfer.
    asset.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), assets);

    unchecked {
        realisedLiquidityOf[tranche] += assets; //[̲̅$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$̲̅] 
        totalRealisedLiquidity = SafeCastLib.safeCastTo128(assets + totalRealisedLiquidity);
    }
}
```


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

I suggest to implement some sort of vesting (linear, for example) instead of a straightforward donating, as this will smoothen the `realisedLiquidityOf[tranche]` increase.