Little Gingerbread Kestrel

medium

# ChainlinkOM.sol#_getLatestAnswer will return the wrong price for assets when outside of minAnswer/maxAnswer range

## Summary

The return value of `ChainlinkOM.sol#_getLatestAnswer` cannot truly represent the price of the underlying asset in extreme cases, which will cause liquidation-related functions to be affected.

## Vulnerability Detail

Chainlink price feeds have in-built minimum & maximum prices they will return; if during a flash crash, bridge compromise, or depegging event, an asset’s value falls below the price feed’s minimum price, the oracle price feed will continue to report the (now incorrect) minimum price.

Risks arise when calculating whether the account position can be liquidated. In fact, it can be liquidated, but because the actual market price is lower than the Chainlink return value, the account position is in a state that cannot be liquidated.

In addition, the Q&A mentioned that the project will be deployed on Arbitrum, Optimism and other L2s in the future, I have observed that on different chains, the minAnswer and maxAnswer in the aggregator of the same price feed are likely to be different. Therefore, it is more necessary to configure minAnswer and maxAnswer for different price feeds.

Taking the DAI/USD price feed as an example, in Base, the minAnswer and maxAnswer in the aggregator is 1 and 95780971304118053647396689196894323976171195136475135, but in Optimism, Arbitrum, the minAnswer and maxAnswer in the aggregator is 10000 00 and 100000000000.

## Impact

Liquidation related functions will be affected.
For example, a certain account position can be liquidated based on the market price, but because the return value of minAnswer is higher than the market value, it cannot actually be liquidated.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/oracle-modules/ChainlinkOM.sol#L113-L129

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider taking the following mitigation measures:

1. Add `minAnswer` and `maxAnswer` in `Chainlink.sol#addOracle` to facilitate the owner to set the range for each price feed
2. Check if the returned price is outside these ranges

`minAnswer` and `maxAnswer` can be queried in the following ways:

1. looking up the price feed address on [Chainlink’s list of Ethereum mainnet price feeds](https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds/price-feeds/addresses/?network=arbitrum&page=1) (or select other L1/L2 for price feeds on other networks)
2. reading the “aggregator” value, e.g., for DAI / USD price feed
3. reading the minAnswer & maxAnswer values from the aggregator contract
