Deep Menthol Meerkat

medium

# Borrower have a risk of getting liquidate all of the collateral with a low price

## Summary
We don't have any method to protect borrower from getting liquidate all, even when the borrow position is healthy back again

## Vulnerability Detail

It's common sense that most bidder will wait for the collateral price in auction to go down below the market to buy collateral cause no one will give others money for free. In Dutch auction, the collateral will go from high to low until the debt position come back to healthy state. Because of that, the last bidder will have the most profit. In blockchain world, being the last bidder will become even easier because of frontrunning. If the story end here then it will not have anything to talk about. But in here, because we can overbuy the collateral when we are the last bidder, last bidder can just buy most of borrower collateral (he can left some collateral because it will not profit him) with a low price

Let's have a scenario here:
	- Borrower A deposit 1000$ worth of collateral to his margin account, and borrow 400$ worth of asset. Assume here that liquidation factor is 60%, collateral factor is 40%, minimumMargin = 0 for simpler calculation
	- Overtime, his debt increase to 600$ which is liquidatable, so someone will call to `startLiquidation()` to start liquidate his account
	- After a while of auction, he only have 200$ worth of debt and 450$ worth of collateral which can be bought with 350$
	- Notice here that borrower A will only need someone to buy 41$, which will the account to become healthy again. 
	- Scenario 1: If someone buy 41$ more: Borrower A have 200 - 41 = 159$ worth of debt, 450 - (41 * 450 / 350) = 397$ worth of collateral, the position backs to healthy (397 * 0.4 = 159). The difference between collateral and debt is 397 - 159 = 239$
	- Scenario 2: but because the terminator can overbid, terminator will buy all of borrower's asset with 350$. Later on, terminator will sell all of just-bought collateral in the open market with the price 450$ -> gaining 100$ profit
	- On the other hand, the action end with borrower only have 350 - 200 = 150$ worth of asset, the debt is fully paid 

As you can see, there's massive difference for borrower between 2 scenarios.

## Impact
The borrower will very likely losing all the collateral when the account being auctioned, because bidder is very incentive of bought all the collateral.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L500C1-L508C10
## Tool used 
Manual Review
## Recommendation
We should implement a logic that prevent bidder overbid too much from borrower. It can be something like this:
```diff
    function auctionRepay(uint256 startDebt, uint256 minimumMargin_, uint256 amount, address account, address bidder)
        external
        whenLiquidationNotPaused
        onlyLiquidator
        processInterests
        returns (bool earlyTerminate)
    {
        // Need to transfer before burning debt or ERC777s could reenter.
        // Address(this) is trusted -> no risk on re-entrancy attack after transfer.
        asset.safeTransferFrom(bidder, address(this), amount);

        uint256 accountDebt = maxWithdraw(account);
        if (accountDebt == 0) revert LendingPoolErrors.IsNotAnAccountWithDebt();
        if (accountDebt <= amount) {
+   	    if(amount - accountDebt > OVERBID_MAXIMUM) revert;

            earlyTerminate = true;
            unchecked {
                _settleLiquidationHappyFlow(account, startDebt, minimumMargin_, bidder, (amount - accountDebt));
            }
            amount = accountDebt;
        }

        _withdraw(amount, address(this), account);

        emit Repay(account, bidder, amount);
    }
```
