Passive Walnut Zebra

high

# When the `gracePeriod` is small (< 1 year), the registry's sequencer uptime oracle will report incorrectly.

## Summary
When the `gracePeriod` is small (< 1 year), the registry's sequencer uptime oracle will report incorrectly.

## Vulnerability Detail
Per the documentation, the Registry's sequencer `gracePeriod` is the grace period after the sequencer is back up. If we look at the code, the Registry treats the sequencer as "down" if the sequencer uptime oracle either:
1. reports `answer = 1` -- representing the "down" status, or
2. the report is too stale, more than the defined grace period ( `block.timestamp - startedAt < riskParams[creditor].gracePeriod` )

However, if we look on-chain, we see that this oracle uptime feed does not have a guaranteed "heartbeat" duration. This means the status will only get updated when the sequencer's status changes (from down to up, or up to down). For a specific example, we can look at the most 3 recent rounds of Arbitrum's sequencer uptime feed oracle ( https://arbiscan.io/address/0xFdB631F5EE196F0ed6FAa767959853A9F217697D#readContract ). At the time of writing, here is the data:

- Round 18446744073709551649: `answer=0` , `startedAt=1668705995` (Nov 17, 2022 -- ~1 year ago+)
- Round 18446744073709551650: `answer=1` , `startedAt=1703701247` (Dec 27, 2023 -- ~a month ago+)
- Round 18446744073709551651: `answer=0` , `startedAt=1703701283` (Dec 27 2023 -- ~a month ago+)

As we can see, the duration between each update can range from months to more than a year. So, if the grace period is not sufficiently large, then the Registry will simply treat the sequencer as down, while it should be considered up. So, it will function incorrectly.

## Impact
The Registry will treat the sequencer as down most of the time, if the `gracePeriod` is defined < 1 year+, as shown by the on-chain evidence. Even if it is defined large enough, it may still not be large enough if time passed and the sequencer functions properly all the time.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/Registry.sol#L174-L176

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Define the grace period large enough (perhaps max possible), or simply remove staleness check (grace period) for sequencer uptime oracle altogether.
