Passive Walnut Zebra

high

# `Registry.setSequencerUptimeOracle` may be blocked if Chainlink changes the sequencer uptime oracle address , either having a new implementation for the aggregator proxy or simply re-deploys.

## Summary
`Registry.setSequencerUptimeOracle` may be blocked if Chainlink changes the sequencer uptime oracle address , either having a new implementation for the aggregator proxy or simply re-deploys. --> breaking the uptime feed's correctness in the Registry.

## Vulnerability Detail
The Registry's `setSequencerUptimeOracle` function tries to set a new sequencer uptime oracle. However, it requires the old oracle to revert. Now, consider the following scenario:
- Chainlink deprecates the old uptime oracle (simply stop feeding), and migrates the feed to a new address.

This means the old oracle will simply keep the latestRound data readable, since it is a view function. So, the old oracle will simply not revert. This then means that the `setSequencerUptimeOracle` will fail since the old oracle does not revert, blocking the address update. So, the Registry will keep consuming the non-updated value, which may report incorrect results in case something happens to the sequencer.

## Impact
The Registry will not be able to change the uptime oracle address to a new address as desired in such scenario -- consuming non-updated data, which can be incorrect.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/Registry.sol#L186-L187

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Remove the old sequencer revert requirement.
