Powerful Myrtle Hawk

medium

# Reorg attack is still possible in L2s

## Summary

The contract is meant to be deployed on `BASE` and later on `Optimism, Arbitrum, and other L2s`. But the `Reorg` attack may make some attack vectors possible. For example, the check `AccountV1::COOL_DOWN_PERIOD` can be bypassed, allowing the old Owner to front-run a `transferFrom`.

## Vulnerability Detail

The contract is meant to be deployed on `BASE` and later on `Optimism, Arbitrum, and other L2s`. But `Reorg` attack may make some attack-vectors possible. 

For example, in [AccountV1::transferOwnership](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L266), a `COOL_DOWN_PERIOD` of 5 mins is applied to **prevents the old Owner from front-running a transferFrom**.

```solidity
        if (block.timestamp <= lastActionTimestamp + COOL_DOWN_PERIOD) revert AccountErrors.CoolDownPeriodNotPassed();
```

The initial perspective is that if the asset is transferred out right before the ownership transfer, the transaction would revert to protect the new owner.

However, since a `reorg attack` could last for several minutes (even 10+ mins), the `COOL_DOWN_PERIOD` may not be enough long to protect against such an attack.

Consider the following scenario:

1. The old owner front-runs the `transferFrom` related function to move assets before the ownership is transferred.
2. By default, this should revert. But if the `reorg` occurs, the `transferFrom` happens first, and the `transferOwnership` happens 5 minutes later. Then, the transaction will not revert.


## Impact
`Reorg` attack may make some attack vectors possible. For example, the check on `AccountV1::COOL_DOWN_PERIOD` can be bypassed, allowing the old Owner to front-runn with a `transferFrom` to steal the funds of the new owner.

## Code Snippet
[AccountV1::transferOwnership](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L265-L270)

```solidity
    function transferOwnership(address newOwner) external onlyFactory notDuringAuction {
        if (block.timestamp <= lastActionTimestamp + COOL_DOWN_PERIOD) revert AccountErrors.CoolDownPeriodNotPassed();

        // The Factory will check that the new owner is not address(0).
        owner = newOwner;
    }
```


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`Reorg` should be taken into account. For example, try making `COOL_DOWN_PERIOD` longer to mitigate the issue.
