Magnificent Brown Condor

medium

# Creditors can be over-exposed to reward token of Stargate

## Summary
When a staked Stargate position is added to users account the claimable reward tokens are also accounted. However, the claimable reward tokens are then never updated. Exposure to the reward token can exceed the max exposure limit a creditor has for the reward token 
## Vulnerability Detail
When a new deposit is made into the Staked Stargate position, the reward tokens are included as part of the underlying assets. The issue arises from the fact that the exposure is only calculated at the time of deposit, and if the account does not claim or withdraw the accrued reward tokens, they will not be considered in the exposure calculation.

**Textual PoC:**
Let's assume the reward token is STG, and the maximum exposure for creditor "A" in STG tokens is 100K, with 70K STG already deposited, leaving only 30K STG available for exposure.

Now, suppose Alice, Bob, and Carol deposit significant amounts of Stargate staked LP, earning 5K STG tokens every week. Since the initial deposit, there were no accrued reward tokens, and thus, no new STG exposure was credited to the creditor.

After 10 weeks, there are 50K STG claimable for all users, but the exposure remains at 70K, with 30K STG available for additional deposits. Another 10 weeks pass, and there are now 100K STG claimable, with an additional 30K STG deposited by other users. The total exposure has now reached 100K STG, the ideal target for the creditor. However, an additional 100K STG from the staked Stargate AM stakers is also considered as value, further increasing the exposure. This exposure continues to grow as long as the stakers do not withdraw their portion. Also, the staked Stargate AM stakers claimable STG accounted as "value" hence it can be backing a debt they have on top of over exposing the creditors limit.
## Impact
A creditor can be over exposed to an asset that they were not intended to. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/abstracts/AbstractStakingAM.sol#L174-L191
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Whenever someone deposits to the their account, consider the cumulative pending reward tokens rather than individual STG claimable by positions.