Quiet Khaki Beetle

high

# `deltaRewardPerToken` in AbstractStakingAM.sol may overflow uint128.max

## Summary

`deltaRewardPerToken` represents the quantity of reward tokens allocated per staked token. This value is expected to remain below uint128.max. However, in certain cases, it might exceed this threshold, leading to overflows and consequently causing the contract to revert.

## Vulnerability Detail

As shown in the code snippet, `deltaRewardPerToken` is determined by taking `deltaReward` (the increment in rewards since the last interaction with the asset), multiplying it by a factor of 1e18, and then dividing by the total number of staked tokens.

[AbstractStakingAM.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/abstracts/AbstractStakingAM.sol#L537-L546)
```solidity
            uint256 currentRewardGlobal = _getCurrentReward(positionState_.asset);
            // Calculate the increase in rewards since last Asset interaction.
            uint256 deltaReward = currentRewardGlobal - assetState_.lastRewardGlobal;
>           uint256 deltaRewardPerToken = deltaReward.mulDivDown(1e18, assetState_.totalStaked);
            // Calculate and update the new RewardPerToken of the asset.
            // unchecked: RewardPerToken can overflow, what matters is the delta in RewardPerToken between two interactions.
            unchecked {
                assetState_.lastRewardPerTokenGlobal =
>                   assetState_.lastRewardPerTokenGlobal + SafeCastLib.safeCastTo128(deltaRewardPerToken);
            }
```

The code uses `SafeCastLib.safeCastTo128(deltaRewardPerToken)`, indicating that if `deltaRewardPerToken` exceeds the maximum for a uint128, the contract will revert.

An example of overflow is if the reward token has 18 decimals and the reward amount is 1e6. After multiplying by 1e18, the result is 1e42. Given that 2^128 is approximately 3.4e38, an overflow could happen if the total staked tokens (including decimals), are less than around 3000, causing the `deltaRewardPerToken` calculation to exceed uint128's limit.

This scenario should not be considered extreme, as both the reward rate and the token decimals may cause the overflow.

## Impact

Given that this code snippet is part of the `_getRewardBalances()` function, which activates during every asset interaction (such as minting, increasing liquidity, decreasing liquidity, and claiming rewards), an overflow would halt the entire contract, effectively locking all assets.

## Code Snippet

- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/abstracts/AbstractStakingAM.sol#L537-L546

## Tool used

VSCode

## Recommendation

Consider using uint256 for `lastRewardPerTokenGlobal` and avoid the cast to uint128 for `deltaRewardPerToken`.