Bent Misty Sardine

medium

# Interest is Still Collected During Pause

## Summary

The `processInterests` modifier needs to be added to `unpause` for the interests during pause == 0 fix to be properly enfoced.

## Vulnerability Detail

When interest is paused, the interest rate is 0, which is a solution to an issue raised as `Trust M-4` in the Trust Audit Report.

```solidity
function _calculateInterestRate(uint256 utilisation) internal view returns (uint80 interestRate_) {
    // While repays are paused, interest rate is set to 0.
    if (repayPaused) return 0;
```

However, the solution does not work as the `processInterests` modifier is not implemented in the [two `unpause` functions in `LedningGuardian.sol`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/guardians/LendingPoolGuardian.sol#L102-L139). Therefore,this is what happens during a pause/unpause:

1. The protocol is paused (no interest collection)
2. Some time passes and the protocol is unpaused. The unpause does not call collect interest, so the line `if (repayPaused) return 0;` is never executed. It also doesn't change the timestamp which for the last interest collection.
3. The next time a function with the `processInterests` modifier is called, interest will be collected from the time **before the pause** to **the first function call that happens after the pause**. So the interest collection period overlaps the pause period, which is incorrect.

In the current implementation, there is a global pause which pauses all functions. However, even if the pause was separated into multiple pause functions, this vulnerability would still apply.

## Impact

Interest is unfairly charged over the paused duration. This contradicts the explicit logic in the protocol which is supposed to prevent interest collection when repay is paused.  

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L826-L828

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/guardians/LendingPoolGuardian.sol#L102-L139

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The solution is to apply the processInterests modifier to the `unpause` function. Then, the `0` interest would actually be applied.