Bent Misty Sardine

medium

# Can Withdraw From Tranche Before Bad Auction to Avoid Bad Debt Socialization

## Summary

Liquidations which are profitable for tranche depositors can be frontrun to capture liquidation rewards. Additionally, auctions that will end in bad debt can be avoided by frontrunning.

Note: A similar issue was brought up in the [Arcadia Trust security review](https://github.com/arcadia-finance/arcadia-finance-audits/blob/main/audits-v2/TRUST%20SECURITY_Q42023.pdf) (TRUST-M-06). The acknowledgement/fix review brought up that a single tranche will be used on launch. However the acknowledgement misses that the vulnerability happens even on a single tranche.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a "good liquidation" happens, a user that doesn't currently have deposits could frontrun the liquidation by depositing a large amount of capital into the tranche to capture the liquidation rewards. This unfairly takes rewards from long term stakers in the pool, as the frontrunner only needs to stake for the auction duration, avoided the potential of absorbing "bad debt liquidations" and gets an equal share of the rewards.

When a "bad liquidation" happens, which is a liquidation *likely* to end in bad debt, current tranche depositors can frontrun the bad liquidation with a withdrawal. 

The `notDuringAuction` modifier is not a complete mitigation as it can be predictable which auctions may end up in bad debt right before the auction begins. So the frontrunning will happen right before the auction begins rather than during the auction.


The problem cannot be fixed on the release of a second tranche (as stated in the fix review/acknowledgment of M-06 - 

_"This will not be a problem for the release (on base with only one tranche), but will be fixed in the second tranche if and when there is a second tranche."_

), as it is already an exploitable problem with just a singlaur tranche. When there is only one tranche, the issue in the Trust security review, "Junior tranche depositors can frontrun liquidations" the singular tranche IS the junior tranche.


## Impact

The impact is that due to frontrunning, "passive" tranche users absorb all the bad debt liquidations, while their rewards for good liquidations are diluted by frontrunners stealing the liquidation profits.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia-banditx0x/blob/5c80dab449e36a3f3282477ac919222fe5f5b932/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L861-L901

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There could be a time delay for both deposits and withdrawals to be active. For example, the deposits can go through immediately, but only get a share of liquidation rewards after a few days of staking. Additionally, withdrawals can have an initiation phase, where the tranche deposit becomes "inactive", pending withdrawal, and then can be withdrawn after a few days.