Skinny Sky Salmon

medium

# Account Creation susceptible to frontrunning and Denial of Service when using ERC4337 transaction flow

## Summary
An Attacker can frontrun the account creation of the User and get the Account on the address the User was expecting.
## Vulnerability Detail

In the below [line of code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/accounts-v2/src/Factory.sol#L96) in the `Factory::createAccount` function, the salt used to deploy a proxy with CREATE2 is the hash of a user provide salt and the transaction origin.

```solidity
account = address(
            new Proxy{ salt: keccak256(abi.encodePacked(salt, tx.origin)) }(
                versionInformation[accountVersion].implementation
            )
        );
```
In a [ERC4337 transaction flow](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4337), a Bundler batches transactions from the Alt mempool and posts them on-chain. So in this case, the tx.origin for all the batched transactions is the address of the Bundler. An attacker can monitor the Alt mempool for `createAccount` calls and frontrun it by copying the user provided salt and paying a higher gas price.

The Frontrunning can happen in the following way
1. An Attacker monitors the Alt mempool for transactions which create an Arcadia Account
2. User A transmits a transaction to the Alt mempool
3. Once the Attacker finds User A's transaction, he creates an identical transaction with the same user provided salt and pays a higher price to the bundler to be included before the User A's transaction.
4. The Attacker's transaction is included in a block and the User A's transaction fails.

## Impact
This vulnerability essentially makes all Account Abstraction wallets susceptible to frontrunning and Denial of Service attacks when creating an Arcadia Account.
## Code Snippet
In the below [line of code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/accounts-v2/src/Factory.sol#L96) in the `Factory::createAccount` function, the vulnerability occurs.
```solidity
account = address(
            new Proxy{ salt: keccak256(abi.encodePacked(salt, tx.origin)) }(
                versionInformation[accountVersion].implementation
            )
        );
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To stop the above vulnerability the msg.sender along with the tx.origin can be used to hash the salt of the Proxy creation.
```diff
account = address(
-            new Proxy{ salt: keccak256(abi.encodePacked(salt, tx.origin)) }(
+           new Proxy{ salt: keccak256(abi.encodePacked(salt, tx.origin, msg.sender)) }(
                versionInformation[accountVersion].implementation
            )
        );
```
This way the frontrunning attack through the ERC4337 transaction flow is fixed and deployments through thrid party contracts are also possible.
