Bumpy Admiral Porpoise

medium

# Inadequate Creditor Address Verification in Account Upgrade Process

## Summary
The `AccountV1.sol` contract lacks proper verification of creditor addresses during the account upgrade process. This could lead to potential vulnerabilities and unexpected behavior if users set malicious or incompatible creditor addresses.

## Vulnerability Detail
There are 2 instances of this issue in this `AccountV1.sol`

1st Instance: 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L348-L386

The `_openMarginAccount` function attempts to open a margin account for a new creditor. It calls `ICreditor(creditor_).openMarginAccount(ACCOUNT_VERSION)` without any prior verification of the `creditor_ address`. Consequently, if `creditor_` is set to a malicious or incompatible address, the function may proceed erroneously without properly handling the situation. 

```solidity 
 ICreditor(creditor_).openMarginAccount(ACCOUNT_VERSION);
        if (!success) revert AccountErrors.InvalidAccountVersion();
```



Then the `closeMarginAccount` function closes the margin account of the current creditor. Again, it assumes that the `creditor_` address is legit without any prior verification. It proceeds to call `ICreditor(creditor_).closeMarginAccount(address(this))` without ensuring that `creditor_` points to a valid and compatible creditor contract.

```solidity
 address creditor_ = creditor;
        if (creditor_ == address(0)) revert AccountErrors.CreditorNotSet();
```


2nd Instance:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L192-L216

```solidity
// If a Creditor is set, new version should be compatible.
if (creditor != address(0)) {
    (bool success,,,) = ICreditor(creditor).openMarginAccount(newVersion);
    if (!success) revert AccountErrors.InvalidAccountVersion();
}
```
In this part of the code, the contract checks if a creditor is set `(creditor != address(0))`, and if it is set, it tries to open a margin account with the new version specified (newVersion). If the operation is not successful `(!success)`, it reverts with `AccountErrors.InvalidAccountVersion()`. The issue here is that the creditor address is not verified or validated in any way. Since  it is user-controlled, this means that if a user sets a malicious or incompatible address as the creditor, the check will still pass because the contract attempts to interact with the `ICreditor` interface without ensuring that the address is legitimate or compatible.


## Impact
The absence of creditor address verification can pose significant risks to the security and reliability of the system. Alice a malicious actress could exploit this vulnerability to introduce incompatible or malicious creditor contracts, potentially leading to financial losses or system instability.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L348-L386

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L192-L216

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Whitelist and validate creditor addresses to ensure that creditor addresses are legitimate and compatible before interacting with them.
