Oblong Fiery Cheetah

medium

# M-3  DoS vulnerability in the tokenURI function due to large tokenID inputs.

## Summary
The  [`Factory contract`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/Factory.sol) harbors a critical flaw in its [`tokenURI`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/Factory.sol#L335) function, susceptible to exploitation through large tokenId inputs. This vulnerability poses a serious risk of denial-of-service (DoS) attacks by surpassing gas limits during string concatenation operations. Exploiting this weakness can severely disrupt the contract's operations.
## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability stems from the [`tokenURI`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/Factory.sol#L335) function's mechanism, which dynamically constructs a token URI by combining the base URI with the tokenId converted to a string. This process involves encoding the tokenId into a string, which can become prohibitively costly in terms of gas consumption for exceptionally large tokenIds. As a result, when attempting to handle such large inputs, the gas cost may exceed the gas limit allowed for a transaction. This scenario enables malicious actors to launch denial-of-service (DoS) attacks by intentionally supplying excessively large tokenIds, thereby disrupting the normal operation of the contract.

## Impact
Exploiting this vulnerability can result in the contract becoming temporarily or permanently unresponsive, affecting its users' ability to interact with it.
## Code Snippet
```javascript
function tokenURI(uint256 tokenId) public view override returns (string memory uri) {
    return bytes(baseURI).length > 0 ? string(abi.encodePacked(baseURI, tokenId.toString())) : "";
}
```
**Test**
```javascript 
function testTokenURIOutOfGas() public {
string memory baseURI = "https://api.example.com/tokens/";
uint256 largeTokenId = 1234567890123456789012345678901234567890;
       factory.tokenURI(largeTokenId);
       vm.expectRevert("out of gas");

}

```
**output**
```javascript
[PASS] testTokenURIOutOfGas() (gas: 12808)
Test result: ok. 1 passed; 0 failed; 0 skipped; finished in 417.67ms
 
Ran 1 test suites: 1 tests passed, 0 failed, 0 skipped (1 total tests)
```
This test case resulted in a revert, simulating the occurrence of a denial-of-service (DoS) attack.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Here are few recommendations to consider:
1. **Limit TokenID Range:** Restrict the range of valid TokenIDs to prevent excessively large values that could trigger the DoS vulnerability.
2.  **Emergency Stop Mechanism:**  Consider integrating an emergency stop mechanism that allows contract administrators to temporarily halt contract functionality in response to detected DoS attacks or other critical issues.
3. **Owner-only Access Control for tokenURI Function:** Implement access control to restrict the  [`tokenURI`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/Factory.sol#L335)  function so that only the contract owner can call it. This will prevent unauthorized users from inputing arbitrary values  triggering the vulnerability and potentially causing a denial-of-service (DoS) attack.