Main Yellow Jaguar

medium

# Some Accounts may immediately be liquidated - right after the `minimumMargin` would be updated (increased) via the LendingPool#`setMinimumMargin()`

## Summary
Some Accounts, which the health factor is close to the current liquidation threshold, may immediately be liquidated - right after the owner of the LendingPool would **increase** (update) the `minimumMargin` via the LendingPool#`setMinimumMargin()`, 


## Vulnerability Detail
Within the LendingPool#`setMinimumMargin()`, a given `minimumMargin_` would be stored into the `minimumMargin` as the  minimum amount of collateral that must be held in an Account like this:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L1215
```solidity
    /**
     * @notice Sets the minimum amount of collateral that must be held in an Account before a position can be opened.
     * @param minimumMargin_ The new minimumMargin.
     * @dev The minimum margin should be a conservative upper estimate of the maximal gas cost to liquidate a position (fixed cost, independent of openDebt).
     * The minimumMargin prevents dusting attacks, and ensures that upon liquidations positions are big enough to cover
     * network transaction costs while remaining attractive to liquidate.
     */
    function setMinimumMargin(uint96 minimumMargin_) external onlyOwner {
        minimumMargin = minimumMargin_; ///<------------- @audit
    }
```

When a liquidation initiator would initiate the liquidation of an Account, the liquidation initiator would call the Liquidator#`liquidateAccount()`.

Within the Liquidator#`liquidateAccount()`, the AccountV1#`startLiquidation()` would be called to check whether or not the Account is insolvent and then if it is insolvent the liquidation process of the Account like this:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/Liquidator.sol#L228
```solidity
    /**
     * @notice Initiate the liquidation of an Account.
     * @param account The contract address of the Account to be liquidated.
     */
    function liquidateAccount(address account) external nonReentrant {
        ...
        // Check if the Account is insolvent and if it is, start the liquidation in the Account.
        // startLiquidation will revert if the Account is still solvent.
        (
            address[] memory assetAddresses,
            uint256[] memory assetIds,
            uint256[] memory assetAmounts,
            address creditor,
            uint96 minimumMargin,
            uint256 debt,
            AssetValueAndRiskFactors[] memory assetValues
        ) = IAccount(account).startLiquidation(msg.sender); ///<-------------- @audit
```

Within the AccountV1#`startLiquidation()`, the `minimumMargin` would be stored into the `minimumMargin_`.
Then, the sum of the `openPosition` and  the `minimumMargin_` would be stored into the `usedMargin`.
And then, the `usedMargin` would be used for the validation to check whether or not the Account can be liquidated like this:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L533
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L541
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L543-L544
```solidity
    function startLiquidation(address initiator)
        external
        onlyLiquidator
        nonReentrant
        updateActionTimestamp
        returns (
            address[] memory assetAddresses,
            uint256[] memory assetIds,
            uint256[] memory assetAmounts,
            address creditor_,
            uint96 minimumMargin_,
            uint256 openPosition,
            AssetValueAndRiskFactors[] memory assetAndRiskValues
        )
    {
        inAuction = true;
        creditor_ = creditor;
        minimumMargin_ = minimumMargin; ///<---------- @audit

        (assetAddresses, assetIds, assetAmounts) = generateAssetData();
        assetAndRiskValues =
            IRegistry(registry).getValuesInNumeraire(numeraire, creditor_, assetAddresses, assetIds, assetAmounts);

        // Since the function is only callable by the Liquidator, we know that a liquidator and a Creditor are set.
        openPosition = ICreditor(creditor_).startLiquidation(initiator, minimumMargin_);
        uint256 usedMargin = openPosition + minimumMargin_;  ///<---------- @audit

        if (openPosition == 0 || assetAndRiskValues._calculateLiquidationValue() >= usedMargin) {  ///<---------- @audit
            revert AccountErrors.AccountNotLiquidatable();
        }
```

However, once the owner of the LendingPool would **increase** (update) the `minimumMargin` via the LendingPool#`setMinimumMargin()`, a new `minimumMargin` would **immediately** be applied to all Accounts. 

Once the increased `minimumMargin` would **immediately** be applied to all Accounts, some Accounts may **immediately** be moved to the liquidatable status. 
Because, as we can see the AccountV1#`startLiquidation()` above, once the `minimumMargin` would be increased, the `usedMargin` would also be increased and it makes the `usedMargin` easier to exceed the `assetAndRiskValues._calculateLiquidationValue()`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L541-L545
```solidity
        uint256 usedMargin = openPosition + minimumMargin_;  ///<---------- @audit

        if (openPosition == 0 || assetAndRiskValues._calculateLiquidationValue() >= usedMargin) {  ///<---------- @audit
            revert AccountErrors.AccountNotLiquidatable();
        }
```

This is problematic. Because a malicious actor can monitor the TX of the LendingPool#`setMinimumMargin()` in the mempool and the malicious actor would **back-run** it with calling the Liquidator#`liquidateAccount()` to liquidate these liquidatable Accounts and calling the Liquidator#`bid()` to receive the liquidation rewards.

The problem is that there is no way for the Account's Owner to avoid a liquidation - right after the `minimumMargin` would be updated (increased) by the owner of the LendingPool via the LendingPool#`setMinimumMargin()` - even if the borrower hoped to avoid a liquidation.


## PoC (Attack scenario)
**Assumptions:**
- Let's say there are the following actors in this attack scenario:
  - Paul is the owner of the LendingPool contract. 
  - Alice is a victim borrower (Account Owner). 
  - Bob is a liquidation initiator and a bidder. 
     - Bob would use 2 EOA wallets for respective roles (Bob's `EOA_1` would be used as a liquidation initiator and Bob's `EOA_2` would be used for a bidder)

**Attack scenario:**
Assuming that the health factor of the Alice's Account would be close to the current liquidation threshold.

- 1/ Paul would call the LendingPool#`setMinimumMargin()` to increase the `minimumMargin`.

- 2/ Bob would monitor the Paul's TX of the step 1/ and he would **back-run** it with calling the Liquidator#`liquidateAccount()` by using his EOA_1 to initiate the liquidation auction for the Alice's Account.

- 3/ Bob would **back-run** of the TX of the step 2/ with calling the Liquidator#`bid()` by using his EOA_2 to gain the liquidation rewards - right after the liquidation auction would be started.

- 4/ The Paul's TX (step 1/) would be executed first.
  - At this point, since the `minimumMargin` would be **increased** (updated) and it would be **immediately** applied to all Accounts, the health factor of the Alice's Account would would be dropped below the liquidation threshold. 

- 5/ Bob's EOA_1's TX (step 2/) would executed second.
  - As a result, the liquidation auction of the Alice's Account would be initiated.

- 6/ Bob's EOA_2's TX (step 3/) would executed third.
  - As a result, the Alice's Account would be liquidated and the collateral of her Account would be auctioned off. Hence, Bob's EOA_1 and EOA_2 would receive the liquidation rewards from them.

- 7/ Alice would realized that the `minimumMargin` would be **increased** (updated) by Paul.
  - But, her Account was already liquidated and her Account's collateral was already auctioned off. So, she  lost her Account's collateral.
  
Or,

Alice may be able to realize that the `minimumMargin` would be **increased** (updated) by Paul - when the step 4/. And therefore, she may immediately try to repay her Account's debt by calling the LendingPool#`repay()`. 
However, due to the **back-running** attack by Bob above (step 2/ and 3/), her TX of the LendingPool#`repay()` would be executed **after** the Bob's TX would be executed (step 5/ and 6/).
As a result, her Account was already liquidated and her Account's collateral was already auctioned off and therefore she lost her Account's collateral - when her TX of the LendingPool#`repay()` would be executed.
  

## Impact
As you can see the attack scenario above, Alice's Account would **immediately** be liquidated - right after the `minimumMargin` would be updated (increased) by Paul via the LendingPool#`setMinimumMargin()`. The problem of this scenario is that there is no way for Alice to avoid a liquidation - right after the `minimumMargin` would be updated (**increased**) by Paul via the LendingPool#`setMinimumMargin()` - even if she was willing to avoid a liquidation by repaying her Account's debt.


## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L1215
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L541-L545


## Tool used
- Manual Review


## Recommendation
Consider adding a **grace period** - after the `minimumMargin` would be updated (increased) via the LendingPool#`setMinimumMargin()`.