Oblong Fiery Cheetah

medium

# M-4 Inadequate Debt Management in executeRepay Function

## Summary
The [`executeRepay`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/actions/MultiCall.sol#L98) function fails to properly manage debt by ignoring the amount owed by the specified account, overwriting repayment amounts under certain conditions, and neglecting to adjust the debt after repayment.
## Vulnerability Detail

1. **Ignoring Account Debt:** The function doesn't verify the amount owed by the account before repayment, potentially leading to overpayments or incomplete debt settlement.
2. **Overwriting amount:** If the specified amount is less than 1, the function defaults to repaying the entire balance of the asset, potentially resulting in unintended overpayments.
3. **Not Adjusting Debt:** After repayment, the function doesn't update the account's debt, which can lead to inaccurate debt records and subsequent transaction issues.

## Impact
**Financial Loss:** Overpaying or underpaying debt could result in financial discrepancies and potential loss of funds.
**Confusion:** Overwriting the repayment amount could confuse users and developers, leading to unexpected behavior.
**Operational Issues:** Failure to adjust debt could cause inaccuracies in debt records, impacting subsequent transactions or reporting.

## Code Snippet
[**`code`**](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/actions/MultiCall.sol#L98)
```javascript
  /**
     * @notice Repays an exact amount to a Creditor.
     * @param creditor The contract address of the Creditor.
     * @param asset The contract address of the asset that is being repaid.
     * @param account The contract address of the Account for which the debt is being repaid.
     * @param amount The amount of debt to repay.
     * @dev Can be called as one of the calls in executeAction, but fetches the actual contract balance after other DeFi interactions.
     */
    function executeRepay(address creditor, address asset, address account, uint256 amount) external {
        if (amount < 1) amount = IERC20(asset).balanceOf(address(this));

        (bool success, bytes memory data) =
            creditor.call(abi.encodeWithSignature("repay(uint256,address)", amount, account));
        require(success, string(data));
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
**Implement Debt Verification**: Verify the amount owed by the account before executing repayment to ensure accuracy.
**Remove Default Repayment**: Avoid overwriting the provided amount and only repay the specified debt.
**Update Debt Records:** After successful repayment, adjust the debt owed by the account to maintain accurate records.
