Early Boysenberry Shetland

medium

# Incomplete Auction State Management in startLiquidation, and _endLiquidation Function in LendingPool.sol

## Summary

These function fails to correctly call setAuctionInProgress function for the most junior tranche when multiple auctions are active. This could lead to unintended deposits or withdrawals in that tranche during concurrent liquidations, potentially affecting liquidity management and risk exposure.

## Vulnerability Detail
The code checks if auctionsInProgress is equal to 0 before calling setAuctionInProgress.
If auctionsInProgress is already greater than 0 (indicating another ongoing auction), the call to setAuctionInProgress is skipped.
This means the most junior tranche might not be flagged as having an ongoing auction, even though an additional liquidation has started.
```solidity
    function startLiquidation(address initiator, uint256 minimumMargin_)
        external
        override
        whenLiquidationNotPaused
        processInterests
        returns (uint256 startDebt)
    {
       ....
        if (auctionsInProgress == 0 && tranches.length > 0) {
            unchecked {
                ITranche(tranches[tranches.length - 1]).setAuctionInProgress(true);
            }
        }

      ....
    }
```

## Impact
- Inconsistent Tranche State: The state of the junior tranche regarding ongoing auctions becomes inconsistent with the actual number of running auctions. This could lead to issues with other functions relying on this flag.
- Unexpected Function Behavior: Dependent functions might handle the tranche incorrectly if they expect it to be marked as having an ongoing auction.
- Security Concerns: In extreme cases, depending on the specific implementation of dependent functions, this inconsistency could potentially be exploited for unintended behavior or security vulnerabilities.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L889

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L1044

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Remove the check for auctionsInProgress == 0 before calling setAuctionInProgress. This ensures the junior tranche is always flagged as having an ongoing auction whenever startLiquidation is called.
Alternatively, consider using a different mechanism to track ongoing auctions per tranche instead of a global counter. This would provide more granular control and avoid potential inconsistencies.

```solidity

    // Set auctionInProgress flag unconditionally for most junior tranche
    unchecked {
        if (auctionInProgress && tranches.length > 0) {
            ITranche(tranches[tranches.length - 1]).setAuctionInProgress(true);
        }
    }

    // ... (remaining code)
}
```
