Early Boysenberry Shetland

medium

# Premature earlyTerminate Flag Setting in auctionRepay Function in LendinPool.sol

## Summary
The auctionRepay function sets the earlyTerminate flag to true before fully verifying if the debt has been fully repaid. This potentially leads to inconsistencies and unexpected behaviour depending on  _settleLiquidationHappyFlow and other dependent functions handle this flag.


## Vulnerability Detail
Premature Flag Setting: The earlyTerminate flag is set to true based on the comparison accountDebt <= amount. However, the actual debt repayment (using _withdraw) occurs later in the function.

```solidity
    function auctionRepay(uint256 startDebt, uint256 minimumMargin_, uint256 amount, address account, address bidder)
        external
        whenLiquidationNotPaused
        onlyLiquidator
        processInterests
        returns (bool earlyTerminate)
    {

            ....
            earlyTerminate = true;
            unchecked {
                _settleLiquidationHappyFlow(account, startDebt, minimumMargin_, bidder, (amount - accountDebt));
            }
            amount = accountDebt;
        }

        _withdraw(amount, address(this), account);

        emit Repay(account, bidder, amount);
    }
```

Potential Issues: Depending on the implementation of _settleLiquidationHappyFlow, setting the flag prematurely could lead to:
- Incorrect Termination: The auction might be terminated even if the full debt repayment fails, potentially leaving remaining debt unaddressed.
- Incorrect Surplus Handling: If _settleLiquidationHappyFlow assumes a full repayment when the flag is true, surplus funds calculated incorrectly or distributed inaccurately.
- Unexpected Behavior: Other dependent functions relying on the earlyTerminate flag might exhibit unintended behavior due to its premature setting.

## Impact
- Incomplete debt repayment, leaving outstanding balances.
- Inaccurate handling of surplus funds, potentially issues in further calculation

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L500-L510


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Move earlyTerminate Flag Setting: Set the earlyTerminate flag after successfully completing the debt repayment using _withdraw. This ensures accurate reflection of the final state.

