Bent Misty Sardine

high

# Unwithdrawn Uniswap V3 Position Asset Compositions Should Be Updated Before Health Check

## Summary

UniswapV3 positions that were not withdrawn in `FlashAction.sol` do not have their composition updated which can lead to undercollateralized loans.

## Vulnerability Detail

A snapshot of the manipulation resistant token composition of a UniswapV3 asset module is taken upon depositing.

In `AccountV1.sol`,  `flashAction` is used to withdraw some assets from the account and then redeposit them, followed by a health check. The problem is that the composition of the UniswapV3 positions that were not withdrawn do not have their composition updated. Instead, the final health check is performed on the asset composition of the liquidity position snapshotted in the last deposit.

When the exchange rate between the two assets in a UniswapV3 position changes, the token composition shifts to the asset which decreased in price. Since the price changes, the current tick also changes, therefore the token composition changes from the initial stored amounts. Therefore when the token composition is not updated, the Uniswap V3 position will always be **Overvalued** compared to assuming the token composition is the same as the inital deposit.

Here is the console logs from the POC at the bottom of this issue report. This simulates a DAI-USDT pool, which was selected as both assets are $1 valued stablecoins with the same number of decimals (18). Therefore the USD oracle price of the assets is simply 1, and the "correct tick" is 0, as in Uniswap v3 tick 0 represents a 1-1 exchange rate.

```solidity
[PASS] test_liquidity() (gas: 14065)
Logs:
  3934541778421652421594 amount dai
  3934541778421652421594 amount usdt
  7869 valuation of liquidity at tick 0 which is the tick at the correct price
  310966753023588437207 amount dai at wrong tick
  9617310790573755021878 amount usdt at wrong tick
  9928 valuation of liquidity at tick 5000 which is an incorrect or manipulated tick
```

Note that the test results show a different valuation of the liquidity (`7869 USD` compared to `9928 USD`) when only the tick has changed when the liquidty amount is the same, and the oracle price of the tokens is $1 USD each in both cases.

Why **overvalued**? Due to this principle: When a tick is deviated away from the "correct" price tick based on the current updated prices, if you multiply the incorrect token amounts by the correct USD value, you get a higher price. This fact is why Arcadia evaluates token composition as if the current tick corresponds to the trusted USD values.

Since the `sqrtRatio` and hence tick is not updated during the redeposit in `flashAction`, Arcadia misvalues the worth of the Uniswap v3 position as it is outdated. This overvaluing of the position could lead to a user withdrawing such that the account should be UNHEALTHY but pass the HEALTH CHECK enabling attackers to take undercollateralized loans. 

This also applies to other instances where the Uniswap V3 Position values must be updated correctly.

**Code For Proving That Changing Tick Changes Liquidity Valuation Even With Correct Trusted Oracle Pricing:**

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: UNLICENSED
pragma solidity 0.7.0;
pragma experimental ABIEncoderV2;

import "forge-std/Test.sol";
import "src/LiquidityAmounts.sol";
import "src/TickMath.sol";


contract UniswapTest is Test {



    function test_liquidity() public {
        uint160 correctPrice = TickMath.getSqrtRatioAtTick(0);
        uint160 lowerLiquidityBound = TickMath.getSqrtRatioAtTick(-10000);
        uint160 upperLiquidityBound = TickMath.getSqrtRatioAtTick(10000);
        uint128 liquidity = 1e22;

       (uint amountDai, uint amountUsdt) = LiquidityAmounts.getAmountsForLiquidity(correctPrice, lowerLiquidityBound, upperLiquidityBound, liquidity);

       console2.log(amountDai, "amount dai in liquidity");
       console2.log(amountUsdt, "amount usdt in liquidity");
       uint valueOfLiquidity = (amountDai + amountUsdt) / 1e18;
       console2.log(valueOfLiquidity, "valuation of liquidity at tick 0 which is the tick at the correct price");

       uint160 wrongPrice = TickMath.getSqrtRatioAtTick(9000);

       (amountDai, amountUsdt) = LiquidityAmounts.getAmountsForLiquidity(wrongPrice, lowerLiquidityBound, upperLiquidityBound, liquidity);

       console2.log(amountDai, "amount dai in liquidity at wrong tick");
       console2.log(amountUsdt, "amount usdt in liquidity at wrong tick");
       valueOfLiquidity = (amountDai + amountUsdt) / 1e18;
       console2.log(valueOfLiquidity, "valuation of liquidity at tick 5000 which is an incorrect or manipulated tick");

    }


}
```


## Impact

This overvaluing of the position could lead to a user withdrawing such that the account should be UNHEALTHY but pass the HEALTH CHECK enabling attackers to take undercollateralized loans.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/lending-v2/src/LendingPool.sol#L529-L586

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

During `flashAction`, the protocol should iterate through the derived assets and update them to reflect the new composition before performing the `isHealthy` checl.