Bitter Ivory Tadpole

medium

# Amount of reward tokens deposited in account after claiming may differ from amount of reward tokens sent from asset module; remainder lost to Action Handler

## Summary

When a user claims rewards from a staking asset module that inherits from `AbstractStakingAM`, their account will only deposit the amount of claimed rewards they specify in their call to `AccountV1.flashAction`. However, the amount of rewards sent to the intermediary Action Handler may be higher than that, if the position's rewards have increased since the user queried their reward balance. Any additional tokens will be lost to the user, since `claimReward` sends all of a user's pending rewards without consideration of the amount that the user expects to receive.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a user wants to claim rewards from a staking asset module, they will first need to query the asset module for the amount they will receive (`AbstractStakingAM.rewardOf(uint256 positionId)`). They will then use this value to define a `struct` like the following, which is passed to `AccountV1.flashAction` (along with the other encoded data):

```solidity
ActionData memory assetDataIn = ActionData({
    assets: new address[](1),
    assetIds: new uint256[](1),
    assetAmounts: new uint256[](1),
    assetTypes: new uint256[](1)
});
```
This structure defines how much of the reward token will be deposited from the intermediary Action Handler into the user's account after the Action Handler claims it from the asset module. However, this amount is a function of the total amount staked in the asset module (see [`AbstractStakingAM.sol#L540`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/abstracts/AbstractStakingAM.sol#L540)), and that value can change in a single block. It is also possible that a large amount of rewards could be claimed from the underlying `LP_STAKING_TIME` in between these calls, which could cause `claimReward` to send more than expected.

`AbstractStakingAM.claimReward` sends all the rewards accrued by a position. So if the value of `AbstractStakingAM._getRewardBalances` (which underlies both `rewardOf` and `claimReward`) increases between the block when the user queried the contract and the block that includes their ultimate `claimReward` invocation, the new rewards will not be accounted for in the user's `assetDataIn`. As a result, some of the rewards the user is entitled to will remain stuck in `MultiCall`. The user may not even know they have lost funds, since nothing is done with the `rewards` amount returned from `claimReward`.

## Impact

Although the likelihood of "slippage" occuring here is fairly high, the impact is limited by the fact that the variable `totalStaked` in `_getRewardBalances` is only used to determine the share of the total rewards that each token is entitled to in the time since it was last updated. And even after a large deposit (or withdrawal), the global value accumulates in the underlying `LP_STAKING_TIME` contract as a per-second increase. So while it is likely that some users will lose rewards to this bug, it is not likely that these lost funds will be very significant in value.

However, the likelihood of losing significant funds increases with the delay between the query and the claim — which could be unexpectedly high in some cases (e.g., a Base outage like the one in [September of 2023](https://cointelegraph.com/news/coinbase-base-network-major-outage)) — as well as with the total volume of the contract.

## Code Snippet

- [AbstractStakingAM.rewardOf](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/abstracts/AbstractStakingAM.sol#L511)
- [AbstractStakingAM._getRewardBalances](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/abstracts/AbstractStakingAM.sol#L529)
- [AbstractStakingAM.claimReward](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/abstracts/AbstractStakingAM.sol#L430)
- [AccountV1.flashAction](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L623)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Instead of sending all of a position's pending rewards, `claimReward` could accept an `amount` parameter. This would guarantee that the amount claimed from the asset module and the amount deposited into the user's account are exactly the same, and that any additional pending rewards remain safely in the user's position.

However, this may create an issue when `AbstractStakingAM.decreaseLiquidity` automatically closes a position with no remaining liquidity, since there would be no position in which to store the excess rewards. To solve both problems but still burn positions as they become empty, it might help to institute a reward dust limit in each position, and withdraw *all* rewards when the additional pending amount is less than that limit. Otherwise, the asset module would only send the provided `amount`. `decreaseLiquidity` would need to accept a `rewardAmount` as well, and bypass closing any position that would have more than the defined dust limit in pending rewards after sending the `rewardAmount`. `claimReward` could also burn empty positions, using the same liquidity and pending reward checks as `decreaseLiquidity`.

This will allow the protocol to define exactly how much slippage is allowed in the context of claiming rewards, and ensure beyond any doubt that nothing significant can be lost as a result.
