Bitter Ivory Tadpole

high

# Newly-minted staked Stargate positions will be locked in Action Handler

## Summary

When a user creates a new staked Stargate position using the asset module, the module mints a new ERC-721 token to represent ownership of the position. This NFT cannot be properly transferred into the user's account, however, so any staked funds are at risk of being lost permanently.

## Vulnerability Detail

When most users interact with an asset module, they will do so by way of a `flashAction` in their account, which itself passes the call through `MultiCall.executeAction`. In order to account for this middle step, `flashAction` accepts data about which tokens will need to be transferred to the intermediary Action Handler before `executeAction`, and what should be deposited back into the calling account afterwards. When the latter assets include an NFT, its `id` is used to transfer it from `MultiCall` into the user's account. The problem is that the user has no way of knowing what their new position's `id` will be in advance, so it cannot be deposited as part of the `flashAction`.

While `MultiCall` itself offers a specific function for dealing with this in the context of UniswapV3 positions, no such function exists for interfacing with any staking asset module inheriting from `AbstractStakingAM`.

Despite the precedent for handling a similar issue in `MultiCall`, the Action Handler is out of scope for this audit, so the details of this vulnerability, its impact, and its mitigation will from this point focus solely on `AbstractStakingAM` and `AccountV1`. But regardless of the scope of this review, there are advantages to solving these issues without creating more special cases and complexity in `MultiCall`. And since we can treat the intermediary contract as a black box and still see the entirety of the vulnerability, this issue is firmly about how `AbstractStakingAM` and `AccountV1` integrate with each other.

## Impact

A user — or, more likely, a client application — would typically define the assets they expect to receive by passing a `struct` like this one (along with the other encoded data) to `AccountV1.flashAction`:

```solidity
ActionData memory assetDataIn = ActionData({
    assets: new address[](1),
    assetIds: new uint256[](1),
    assetAmounts: new uint256[](1),
    assetTypes: new uint256[](1)
});
```

`AbstractStakingAM.mint` returns the newly-minted position ID, but this value is never used before the transaction completes. And since the `lastPositionId` in `AbstractStakingAM` is an `internal` variable, there is no way for a user to query it ahead of time to predict their new position ID. As a result, the user only has two options:

1. Include the position in `assetDataIn`, but omit the ID.
	- This will cause `AccountV1._depositERC721` to revert — a medium-severity vulnerability, considering that it applies to all attempts to mint for any user with an `AccountV1` and makes the contract broadly unusable.
2. Omit the newly-minted position from `assetDataIn` entirely.
	- `assetDataIn` is not required, so the transaction will complete successfully. However, with no subsequent transfer after `AbstractStakingAM.mint` passes `msg.sender` (in this case, the Action Handler) to `_safeMint`, the Action Handler is where the NFT will remain.
	- This is a high-severity vulnerability, because the NFT represents access to any funds the user staked when minting the position. If it is lost, so are the staked funds.

## Code Snippet

- [AbstractStakingAM.mint](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/abstracts/AbstractStakingAM.sol#L285)
- [AccountV1.flashAction](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L623)
- [AccountV1._depositERC721](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/de7289bebb3729505a2462aa044b3960d8926d78/accounts-v2/src/accounts/AccountV1.sol#L966)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Inserting this responsibility into `MultiCall` increases the risk of attack or error by way of unneeded intermediary transfers, unclear allowance considerations, and unforeseen complexity from handling conditional logic and edge cases. Scope creep in `MultiCall` would also only increase as more functionality is added for Arcadia accounts.

Instead, the problem could be solved by allowing the staking asset module to directly deposit the newly-minted position in the Arcadia account where the `flashAction` originated (note that the address would need to be passed along from the account itself or the intermediary contract).

`AccountV1.deposit` is `onlyOwner`, so it may be necessary to create a new role: `depositor`. This could either be a role designated by the account owner (like `creditor`), or it could be an official list of external contracts that require direct depositing (maintained by admins in the Registry).

This would solve the problems created in either path outlined above. It would also be easy to scale with future integrations in the limited scope of their new asset modules, without requiring constant changes to `MultiCall` and risking side effects that could spread to previously-audited sections of the protocol.
