Furry Midnight Unicorn

high

# assetState_.lastRewardGlobal is not cleared during deposit

## Summary
When new deposit is done to the stargate, then all earned rewards are sent to the caller. Because `assetState_.lastRewardGlobal` is not reset to 0 as it's done for other functions that work with balance, then rewards distribution becomes incorrect and broken.
## Vulnerability Detail
User can claim rewards using `burn`, `decreaseLiquidity` and `claimReward` functions. All of them then [set `assetState_.lastRewardGlobal` to 0](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/abstracts/AbstractStakingAM.sol#L445). This variable tracks the increase of earned rewards fro the contract between rewards claiming. Once rewards are claimed, then it should be cleared.

AbstractStakingAM contract incorrectly assumes, that only withdrawing from `LP_STAKING_TIME` claims rewards. This is not true and when deposit occurs, then [rewards are claimed as well](https://github.com/stargate-protocol/stargate/blob/main/contracts/LPStaking.sol#L157-L160).

When user deposits to `AbstractStakingAM` then rewards are claimed, but [`assetState_.lastRewardGlobal` is not set to 0](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/abstracts/AbstractStakingAM.sol#L285-L320). As result, rewards distribution will be incorrect. Also for some time `_getRewardBalances` function will revert [because of underflow](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-12-arcadia/blob/main/accounts-v2/src/asset-modules/abstracts/AbstractStakingAM.sol#L539) as `_getCurrentReward` will likely return smaller value than `assetState_.lastRewardGlobal`. After some time function will continue working again.
## Impact
Rewards accounting is corrupted, contract can be dosed for some time.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
As deposit also claims rewards, then you need to clear `assetState_.lastRewardGlobal` variable.